README.md, before:

# scp-deployer

## DataONE version

This is a re-hosted version of scp-deployer, originally developed by siva1024 and released under the MIT license. This rehosted version allows DataONE to customize and securely deploy the image for allied projects.

## Required Parameters

- `host`: Remote Hostname
- `username`: Remote Host Username
- `port`: Remote Host SSH Port
- `key`: Remote Host SSH Private key
- `password`: Remote Host Password (If no SSH key is provided)
- `source`: Source files location
- `target`: Remote Host deployment location

## SSH Private/Public Key
Below is the command for generations of SSH keys. For the complete manual the location can be found [here](https://linux.die.net/man/1/ssh-keygen).
```
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096
```
Generate and save the public key in the Remote Host at `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` location.

The Private keys can be saved in the [GIT Action Secretes](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets) for better security.

## Example

Below is the sample .yml file templet for the SCP deployer

```yml
name: scp files
on: [push]
jobs:

  build:
    name: Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - name: Checkout repository
      uses: actions/checkout@v2    
    - name: Upload Files
      uses: dataone/scp-deployer@latest
      with:
        host: ${{ secrets.HOST }}
        username: ${{ secrets.USERNAME }}
        key: ${{ secrets.KEY }}
        source: "entrypoint.sh"
        target: "~/"
```
## Note
A special thanks to GitHub and Stack Overflow Community for providing all the support and open-source code. This code is specifically made for my requirements and I used a lot of references for my code. Please let me know if there are any issues and use my code as a templet if needed.

Commit message:

rename repository to rsync-deploy, and clean docs.

README.md, after:

# rsync deploy

Deploy files to a TARGET host using rsync by configuring an appropriate ssh KEY.

## Required Parameters

- `host`: Remote Hostname
- `username`: Remote Host Username
- `port`: Remote Host SSH Port
- `key`: Remote Host SSH Private key
- `source`: Source files location (rsync naming conventions)
- `target`: Remote Host deployment location (rsync naming conventions)

## SSH Private/Public Key
Below is the command for generation of SSH keys. For the complete manual the location can be found [here](https://linux.die.net/man/1/ssh-keygen).
```
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096
```
Generate and save the public key on the Remote Host at `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` location.

The Private keys should be exposed to the workflow as [Action Secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets) for better security.

## Example

Below is a sample .yml file for rsync deploy:

```yml
name: rsync-deploy
on: [push]
jobs:

  build:
    name: Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - name: Checkout repository
      uses: actions/checkout@v2    
    - name: Upload Files
      uses: dataone/rsync-deploy@latest
      with:
        host: ${{ secrets.HOST }}
        username: ${{ secrets.USERNAME }}
        key: ${{ secrets.KEY }}
        source: "entrypoint.sh"
        target: "~/sometargetdir/"

## History

This is a refactored version of scp-deployer, originally developed by siva1024 and released under the MIT license. This refactored version allows DataONE to customize and securely deploy the image for allied projects, and uses rsync rather than scp.
## History

This is a refactored version of scp-deployer, originally developed by siva1024 and released under the MIT license. This refactored version allows DataONE to customize and securely deploy the image for allied projects, and uses rsync rather than scp.
